[PAN-OS] fix pan-os-edit-address-group (#40056)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_3_14.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue in which the `pan-os-edit-address-group` command would fail when editing a static group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-edit-address-group*** command fails editing a static group.
```
